hello everyone good today we're going to
show a little
what would be my place of work
during the weekend explains month
to understand a little more about what
treats this citroën is said of the noble
well now we are inside the
we are going to start it, so
is
the control panel control control
main of the car that has some
basic things but good obviously
basically it's
of the mainstream the core of
current that is said we have the
injection to activate and be able to start
the car we have a control for to
turn on the rain lights and also
control the strength that makes you
what would he be
the hydraulic direction
we also have a defroster for
rain case
and we have what we call the regulator
brake that we can pass the ball is
braked further or further back
normally that for him what more
handles a pilot while inside a
circuit and it's very important to
us then good this is the
external hand lever
was used only for the start is not
a
to prevent the car from moving one
It has pull this lever so that it is
stopped
and put it
make a long and good lever
changes then we move on to what is the
steering wheel that has a
a safety lock to remove it
the steering wheel has
a couple of controls for basics to
to be able to handle them we have
of what we can go has several
positions
this is basically only used for
activate the turbo and to select the
start mode that one wants if one
wants a more aggressive load and it depends
a bit like how you felt the track or
is to vary from a position one to which
one who does not want this that is the
button of the pages of what is the
screen of the car we can go by
different screens that we have
screens
for the brake balance for the long
race so we change after
we have this button that only for
wiper the blue button that is
to cool the seat and the air that
it comes in the helmet
the green button that is a driver for
torque that is also used for
started
the radio to enter to communicate
with the boxes
this is the mix that is the knob for
regular let's say what is the mixture of
engine this is not normally the equipment you
says what to put and one goes regulating
also different positions the multi
it is a loss that can be used to
many multiple functions let's say
can you handle him
in the strength of the steering wheel
the sensitivity of the steering wheel and also
you can handle pit engine maps is the
pit limiter control
we have a red button that is a kind
of alarm that when one goes spinning in
track and have some problem squeeze that
button to warn the team that in that
just time for later when one
analyze the data may have the point
we have the wink that is used only
to classify if one has traffic
or some car and this is good in theory
for you really have to be where you
it's a kind of horn no but no no
we are using it after here we have a
map always on the track with the number
of the number of curves we have and
the red button that is to turn it on
well we talked about what the panel was
main after we went up
we talk about what is the steering wheel we have
the screen to see all the information
of the car and well now what's left is
especially the security issue
we have the armchair that as good I do not know
if anything to appreciate
we are sitting on top of the
carbon and we have a whole polyurethane
expanded that is made molded to the body
be the uta that one has is sitting
about a fixed thing and tree to tree
mold of the body and we have very little
mobility not
good belts of course
are six points as the formula have
two sideways for the waist good in
this moment they are not put inside
the chair we have two that come here
between the legs and the two from above
that of course it is not to have
greater security
then when with regard to that
we have a pipe and air that comes for
here and one behind to cool as
we activate and deactivate it from
the flyer as discretion we have the
network of say containment before
a side hit one if it comes off the
steering wheel or something this helps one to
keep inside what is the box of
security is said to be all of
what about the cage not good this
course to get off because also
to get off that is the insurance has
a tail a yellow piola and good as well
you leave the car faster after good
of course the pipes on the side of the
pilot are all covered with a
special fiber foam that makes
that good before the blows 11 have greater
protection and the sides of the car
they are all made of carbon fiber
also so good in this regard
the cars of doubly is that are are
very safe
the driver is very careful and the truth is that
good one also feels safer
no more than having very good tracks
the car complies with a regulation
very strict in terms of security
as good as the good fia demands
I hope I hope you enjoyed
this little video that we made for
show him what the passenger compartment of the
w3c of this citroën it is said so that we
we see soon in argentina and we wait
be able to be in the best way